# VR_Project2

Requires Unity 2018.3.10f

## VR Project 2 - Fear of the Dark
## Charlie Marlow, Daniel Han, Anthony Pia, Kevin Webb
   Our project focuses on the fear of the dark. The user finds themselves in a room of an office, there are no lights on the ceiling and the afternoon sun is setting. There is a locked door they can teleport to with the left joystick. On the table is a key and a flashlight. Both can be picked up using the hand trigger of either hand. The flashlight is turned on with the trigger finger. Sounds and ambient noises create presence and draw the user into the experience. \n
   As the game progresses, the sun continues to set and the ambient lighting is appropriately turned down until the user is immersed in complete darkness. In order to turn the lights back on, the user needs to find the basement and turn the lights back on manually. They must progress through the building by getting keys for the locked doors (designated by a decorative key on the wall next to them) and grabbing batteries for their flashlight. The flashlight has a battery indicator showing the charge level. A therapist can control the speed of the setting sun, as well as the intensity, radius, and range of the flashlight. They can also choose to recharge the flashlight without batteries, or toggle the flashlight on or off. By speeding up the sun, the user will spend more of their time in VR in darkness. \n
  After each locked door, the game prompts the user to take a survey. Their responses are recorded, and stored in a file on their desktop called “darkroom.txt”. This artifact includes a variety of statistics appended to the survey results, for example how long the flashlight was on during the entirety of the game. Overall, this game simulates a real life scenario of lights being off in an office at night, and gives a therapist controls that allow them to guide the patient through it while making the experience comfortable enough for the patient.
